feat: Add initialValues prop for sign in/up to docs (#307)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/components/authentication/sign-up.mdx

| `afterSignInUrl` | `string` | The full URL or path to navigate to after a successful sign in. |
| `signInUrl` | `string` | Full URL or path to the sign in page. Use this property to provide the target of the 'Sign In' link that's rendered. |
| `afterSignUpUrl` | `string` | The full URL or path to navigate after a successful sign up. |
| `unsafeMetadata` | `object` | An object with the key and value for unsafeMetadata that will be saved to the user after sign up.<br />E.g. `{ "company": "companyID1234" }` |

> | `initialValues` | `object` | The values used to prefill the sign in fields with. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `initialValues` | `object` | The values used to pre-fill the sign in fields with. |
```
